Rosen
I promise you.
Xu Xi, what are you testing?
You are too high up in Shen Tinglan
The position of the heart
Can be quiet
Xiao Qi, I'm so happy, haha.
Mr. Luo
It was not good to refuse you in full view just now
So
Xiaoxi
What's wrong with the marriage? Tell me what we have.
Let's buy clothes and bags casually.
It's not like that, I see.
You want a car?
Don't say it has nothing to do with money
I don't like you.
Xu Xian's clothing should also be modest
Almost got it.
Ronson
Don't make me look down on you
You still look down on me
Aren't you just a down-and-out rich daughter?
Marry us rich people
Isn't there a purpose?
Ah, that's right.
I just like rich people
But I don't like it, okay?
You want to climb Shen Tinglan's notice
Can people see you?
What do you think?
Aunt, how did you find this place?